186
main scanner_init table_init __udivsi3 fcntl ioctl kill readlink select unlink __errno_location memcpy memmove strcpy inet_addr bind connect listen recv recvfrom send sendto socket sigemptyset signal __sigaddset __sigdelset abort atol strtol nprocessors_onln sysconf fork getpid sleep close open write __read_nocancel read __pthread_return_0 __check_one_fd mmap sigaction fstat getdtablesize getegid geteuid getgid getpagesize getrlimit gettimeofday getuid mremap munmap nanosleep times readdir64 __GI_config_open getc fgets fflush_unlocked getc_unlocked strcoll strlen strcspn strrchr isatty inet_aton mempcpy ___Unwind_RaiseException ___Unwind_Resume ___Unwind_ForcedUnwind resolve_cnc_addr scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init nprocessors_onln scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init scanner_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init table_init nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln __GI_config_open sysconf __check_one_fd main main main main resolve_cnc_addr 
main scanner_init
main table_init
util_atoi __udivsi3
util_itoa __udivsi3
__aeabi_uidivmod __udivsi3
calloc __udivsi3
__malloc_trim __udivsi3
_stdlib_strto_l __udivsi3
__libc_setup_tls __udivsi3
__libc_setup_tls __udivsi3
attack_method_tcpxmas fcntl
attack_method_tcpxmas fcntl
attack_method_tcpstomp fcntl
attack_method_tcpstomp fcntl
main fcntl
main fcntl
setup_connection fcntl
setup_connection fcntl
scanner_init fcntl
scanner_init fcntl
fdopendir fcntl
__check_one_fd fcntl
_stdio_fopen fcntl
watchdog_maintain ioctl
watchdog_maintain ioctl
tcgetattr ioctl
attack_start kill
killer_kill_by_port kill
killer_init kill
killer_init kill
killer_init kill
killer_kill_by_port readlink
killer_kill_by_port readlink
killer_init readlink
killer_init readlink
main select
scanner_init select
killer_init unlink
attack_parse __errno_location
main __errno_location
scanner_init __errno_location
util_local_addr __errno_location
scanner_init memcpy
scanner_init memcpy
realloc memcpy
realloc memcpy
__uClibc_main memcpy
sigaction memcpy
__libc_setup_tls memcpy
__getdents64 memcpy
mempcpy memcpy
unwind_phase2_forced memcpy
unwind_phase2_forced memcpy
scanner_init memmove
scanner_init memmove
__getdents memmove
rand_alpha_str strcpy
attack_get_opt_ip inet_addr
attack_method_udpdns inet_addr
resolve_cnc_addr inet_addr
scanner_init inet_addr
attack_method_udpplain bind
attack_method_std bind
killer_init bind
killer_init bind
killer_init bind
killer_init bind
killer_init bind
killer_init bind
attack_method_udpplain connect
attack_method_std connect
attack_method_tcpxmas connect
attack_method_tcpstomp connect
main connect
setup_connection connect
scanner_init connect
 connect
killer_init listen
killer_init listen
killer_init listen
killer_init listen
killer_init listen
killer_init listen
main recv
main recv
main recv
main recv
main recv
scanner_init recv
attack_method_tcpxmas recvfrom
attack_method_tcpstomp recvfrom
scanner_init recvfrom
attack_method_udpplain send
attack_method_udpplain send
attack_method_std send
attack_method_std send
main send
 send
 send
 send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
scanner_init send
attack_method_udpgeneric sendto
attack_method_greeth sendto
attack_method_greip sendto
attack_method_udpvse sendto
attack_method_udpdns sendto
attack_method_tcpxmas sendto
attack_method_tcpstomp sendto
attack_method_tcpack sendto
attack_method_tcpsyn sendto
scanner_init sendto
attack_method_udpplain socket
attack_method_std socket
attack_method_udpgeneric socket
attack_method_greeth socket
attack_method_greip socket
attack_method_udpvse socket
attack_method_udpdns socket
attack_method_tcpxmas socket
attack_method_tcpxmas socket
attack_method_tcpxmas socket
attack_method_tcpstomp socket
attack_method_tcpstomp socket
attack_method_tcpstomp socket
attack_method_tcpack socket
attack_method_tcpsyn socket
killer_init socket
killer_init socket
killer_init socket
killer_init socket
killer_init socket
killer_init socket
main socket
setup_connection socket
scanner_init socket
scanner_init socket
 socket
main sigemptyset
main signal
main signal
sigaddset __sigaddset
signal __sigaddset
 abort
malloc abort
realloc abort
__malloc_consolidate abort
free abort
abort abort
abort abort
__check_one_fd abort
__libc_setup_tls abort
_Unwind_GetTextRelBase abort
_Unwind_GetDataRelBase abort
unwind_phase2 abort
__gnu_Unwind_Resume abort
__gnu_Unwind_Resume abort
killer_init atol
atol strtol
sysconf nprocessors_onln
sysconf nprocessors_onln
__malloc_consolidate sysconf
attack_start fork
attack_start fork
killer_init fork
watchdog_maintain fork
main fork
scanner_init fork
scanner_init fork
killer_init getpid
killer_init getpid
rand_init getpid
attack_start sleep
killer_kill_by_port sleep
killer_init sleep
killer_init sleep
killer_init sleep
watchdog_maintain sleep
main sleep
main sleep
main sleep
attack_method_udpgeneric close
attack_method_greeth close
attack_method_greip close
attack_method_udpvse close
attack_method_udpdns close
attack_method_udpdns close
attack_method_tcpxmas close
attack_method_tcpxmas close
attack_method_tcpstomp close
attack_method_tcpstomp close
attack_method_tcpack close
attack_method_tcpsyn close
killer_kill_by_port close
killer_init close
killer_init close
killer_init close
killer_init close
main close
main close
main close
main close
main close
main close
main close
setup_connection close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
scanner_init close
 close
fclose close
attack_method_udpdns open
killer_kill_by_port open
killer_init open
killer_init open
killer_init open
watchdog_maintain open
watchdog_maintain open
__check_one_fd open
_stdio_fopen open
main write
main write
__stdio_WRITE write
attack_method_udpdns read
killer_init read
util_fdgets read
__stdio_READ read
closedir __pthread_return_0
readdir __pthread_return_0
calloc __pthread_return_0
free __pthread_return_0
abort __pthread_return_0
abort __pthread_return_0
abort __pthread_return_0
exit __pthread_return_0
readdir64 __pthread_return_0
__uClibc_main __check_one_fd
__uClibc_main __check_one_fd
__uClibc_main __check_one_fd
malloc mmap
malloc mmap
signal sigaction
abort sigaction
sleep sigaction
opendir fstat
fdopendir fstat
sysconf getdtablesize
__uClibc_main getegid
__uClibc_main geteuid
__uClibc_main getgid
sysconf getpagesize
sysconf getrlimit
getdtablesize getrlimit
time gettimeofday
__uClibc_main getuid
realloc mremap
free munmap
sleep nanosleep
clock times
sysconf readdir64
nprocessors_onln __GI_config_open
nprocessors_onln __GI_config_open
__GI_config_read getc
__GI_config_read fgets
fclose fflush_unlocked
getc_unlocked fflush_unlocked
__GI_config_read getc_unlocked
getc getc_unlocked
getc getc_unlocked
fgets_unlocked getc_unlocked
nprocessors_onln strcoll
strcoll strcoll
__getdents strlen
__GI_config_read strlen
__GI_config_read strcspn
__uClibc_main strrchr
_stdio_fopen isatty
 isatty
 isatty
inet_addr inet_aton
tcgetattr mempcpy
 mempcpy
resolve_cnc_addr resolve_cnc_addr
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
scanner_init scanner_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
table_init table_init
nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln
nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln
nprocessors_onln nprocessors_onln
__GI_config_open __GI_config_open
sysconf sysconf
__check_one_fd __check_one_fd
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
