42
main send_query sub_401E78 init_timers switch_init sub_400FFC sub_400FFC sub_400FFC sub_400FFC sub_400FFC sub_400FFC sub_400FFC main sub_400FFC sub_400FFC main main main main main switch_init main switch_init main switch_init main main main main main main main main main send_query sub_401E78 init_timers switch_init switch_init switch_init switch_init sub_400FFC 
sub_401D8C send_query
sub_401F8C send_query
sub_401F8C sub_401E78
sub_402098 sub_401E78
accept_query sub_401E78
main init_timers
main switch_init
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
main main
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
sub_400FFC sub_400FFC
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
switch_init switch_init
main main
switch_init switch_init
main main
switch_init switch_init
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
main main
send_query send_query
sub_401E78 sub_401E78
init_timers init_timers
switch_init switch_init
switch_init switch_init
switch_init switch_init
switch_init switch_init
main sub_400FFC
